My name is Brighid Gannon, and I co-founded
Lavender with my friend Pritma.
My name is Pritma Dhillon Chatta.
I'm the co-founder of Lavender, an online
psychiatry and therapy office.
I am a psychiatric nurse practitioner based
in New York City, and Pritma is based in
Calgary, Canada.
We were hearing from friends and family
that they really needed mental health
services and they weren't going to be able
to access those services in person anymore.
So we founded Lavender to make mental
health more accessible and affordable to
New Yorkers, especially during these times.
Fiverr provided us the means and the speed
to really launch this quickly.
We used it for SEO, the logo, the website,
the copy.
We used it for animated explainer videos
and custom illustrations, based on the
colors that our designer had chosen for us.
Literally, everything.
So it's one thing to start a business and
your website can be perfect and your social
media presence can be great, but people
need to find your business.
So we realized very quickly that we needed
to work with an SEO specialist.
Mark, who helped us with our SEO, he lives
in Spain.
He sent us a video to summarize his
findings and what he had done for us so far.
It was really nice. It was like working
with a human right next to you, versus
being across the world.
It's been really, really exciting.
Our bookings are doubling every single
week.
More and more patients are finding us
online.
So I think our SEO is starting to work.
And because we were able to launch so
quickly, we were first to market for this
kind of online psychiatry and therapy group.
The one piece of advice I would give to
entrepreneurs who are shifting their
business from offline to online, is to
really think outside the box.
There's always a way, and we're proof of
it.